1. most challenging: insert function 
2. overcome your challenge: trial and debugging
3. Most useful: iter and reverse function

The most challenging part for us in this assignment was to implement the insert function in the sorted doubly linked list. Firstly, in the class SortedList, the class Node was given and in the constructor of the class Node it takes three arguments which are the data of the node, the next element of the node and the previous element of the node and we initialized all the three arguments with None. And, in the constructor of the class SortedList we created sentinel nodes with acts as the front and back node of the linked list. After that, we implemented the insert function which was the most challenging one for us because the insert function was done by covering lot of scenarios. The First scenario we created was that if the list is empty then we have to first linked it with the front and back sentinel node. Another one was if the given data is the greatest then the new node will become the last node in the sorted linked list so we made a separate condition for that where it compares if the new node data is the greater as compare to the last element if it is then we don't have to go inside the loop to compare each element we can just compare the last element and insert the new node as the last element. Next scenario we covered was what if the new node data is the smallest in that case we can compare the new node data with the first node and then insert the new node as the first element. The last scenario we covered was if the new node is the middle element then the using the loop we can compare each node data and then insert the new node in the smallest to largest order. Hence, this is how we implement insert function with four conditions and the complexity for the best case scenario would be O(1) and for the worst case it would be O(n).

In completing this assignment, we think the most useful thing was the given sentinel diagram document, it helped a lot in creating and checking our code for different conditions. We first started with the diagrams drawing part and it helped us in understanding the sorted linked list part. Another thing we find useful was the use of new keyword in python which is "yield" keyword, when we searched about it on internet we found it is very useful for so many different things. So, these were the two things which was the most useful for us.